{\rtf1\ansi\deff16\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset204 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset204 Times;}
{\f6\fnil\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\f7\fnil\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\f8\fnil\fcharset204 Courier;}
{\f9\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset0 MT Extra;}
{\f11\fnil\fcharset238 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f12\fnil\fcharset238 Times;}
{\f13\fnil\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\f15\fnil\fcharset238 Courier;}
{\f16\fnil\fcharset0 Times;}
{\f17\fnil\fcharset0 Book Antiqua;}
{\f18\fnil\fcharset0 Bookman Old Style;}
{\f19\fnil\fcharset0 Century Gothic;}
{\f20\fnil\fcharset0 New Century Schoolbook;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f22\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f23\fnil\fcharset0 Courier;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\fs24\snext0 Normal;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs40\li0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24\li2048 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32\li512 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24\li2560 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32\li1024 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24\li1536 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 part;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
}
\paperw11960\paperh16900\margl2240\margr2500\margt2180\margb1200\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\aftnnar
{\qj\fi360 {\i0\scaps0\b \fs41 William R.\~Taylor: publication list 2007\par
}\qj\fi0 {\i0\scaps0\b \fs29 Summary of publications:\par
}\qj\fi0 195 papers published of which 14 appeared in the journal {\i Nature}.\par
\qj\fi0 125 papers are refereed research reports of which 16 were in the {\i Journal of Molecular Biology} and another 45 appeared in other major protein and bioinformatics journals.\par
\qj\fi0 Over all publications, 91 are first-author papers and 57 are single author.\par
\qj\fi0 Two books have been edited and two co-authored. {\par
\qj\sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab W.\~R. Taylor, editor. {\i Patterns in Protein sequence and Structure}, volume\~7 of {\i Springer series in Biophysics (ed. Bayley, P. M.)}. Springer-Verlag, Heidelberg, 1992. \par
\qj\sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab D.\~Higgins and W.\~Taylor, editors. {\i Bioinformatics: Sequence structure and databases}. Oxford University Press, 2000. \par
\qj\sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab I.\~Eidhammer, I.\~Jonassen, and W.\~R. Taylor. {\i Protein Bioinformatics: an algorithmic approach to sequence and structure analysis}. J. Wiley, London, 2004. \par
\qj\sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab W.\~R. Taylor and A.\~Asz\'f3di. {\i Protein Geometry, Classification, Topology and Symmetry}. CRC Press, 2005. \par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0  \par
\qj\fi0 {\i0\scaps0\b \fs29 Summary of citations:\par
}\qj\fi0 A search over a citation database{\up19\chftn}
{\*\footnote \pard\plain\s246\f16\fs24 {\up19\chftn} {\i0\scaps0\b0\f23 http://portal.isiknowledge.com} using a simple author search and removing false hits by hand. Two corrections were made for an incorrect year and spelling in refs. 18 and 42 (in main bibliography). }
  found 132 of the 195 publications with a total of over 9000 citations giving an average of 68.5 citations per paper. These break-down as:\par
{\qj\fi0 \par
\trowd\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx1203\cellx2406\cellx3609\cellx4812\cellx6015\cellx7218
\pard\intbl\qr {                 citations}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {{{{\f9\'b3}}}10}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {{{{\f9\'b3}}}50}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {{{{\f9\'b3}}}100}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {{{{\f9\'b3}}}200}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {{{{\f9\'b3}}}500}\cell
\row
\trowd\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx1203\cellx2406\cellx3609\cellx4812\cellx6015\cellx7218
\pard\intbl\qr {                 papers}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {85}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {42}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {23}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {13}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {4}\cell
\row
} {\par
\page{} \qj\sb120 \fi0 {\plain\b\fs32 Bibliography}\par
\qj\sb60 \li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_CohenFEet80a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_CohenFEet80a}]\tab F.\~E. Cohen, M.\~J.\~E. Sternberg, and W.\~R. Taylor. Analysis and prediction of the stacking of {{{\f9 b}}}-pleated sheets. In R.\~Jainikie, editor, {\i Protein Folding}, pages 131\endash 148. Elsivier, Amsterdam, 1980.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_CohenFEet80b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_CohenFEet80b}]\tab F.\~E. Cohen, M.\~J.\~E. Sternberg, and W.\~R. Taylor. Analysis and prediction of protein {{{\f9 b}}}-sheet structures by a combinatorial approach. {\i Nature}, 285:378\endash 382, 1980.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR81}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR81}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. {\i Analysis and Prediction of Protein Structure}. PhD thesis, Department of Zoology (Lab. of Molecular Biophysics), University of Oxford, 1981.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_SternbergMJEet81}{\*\bkmkend BIB_SternbergMJEet81}]\tab M.\~J.\~E. Sternberg, F.\~E. Cohen, W.\~R. Taylor, and R.\~J. Feldmann. Analysis and prediction of structural motifs in the glycolytic enzymes. {\i Proc. Roy. Soc. Lond. B}, 293:177\endash 189, 1981.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_CohenFEet81}{\*\bkmkend BIB_CohenFEet81}]\tab F.\~E. Cohen, M.\~J.\~E. Sternberg, and W.\~R. Taylor. Analysis of the tertiary structure of protein {{{\f9 b}}}-sheet sandwiches. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 148:253\endash 272, 1981.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_CohenFEet82a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_CohenFEet82a}]\tab F.\~E. Cohen, M.\~J.\~E. Sternberg, and W.\~R. Taylor. Analysis and prediction of the packing of {{{\f9 a}}}-helices against a {{{\f9 b}}}-sheet in the tertiary structure of globular proteins. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 156:821\endash 862, 1982.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_SternbergMJEet82a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_SternbergMJEet82a}]\tab M.\~J.\~E. Sternberg, F.\~E. Cohen, and W.\~R. Taylor. A combinatorial approach to the prediction of the tertiary fold of globular proteins. {\i Biochem. Soc. Trans.}, 10, 1982.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet83a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet83a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and J.\~M. Thornton. Prediction of super-secondary structure in proteins. {\i Nature}, 301:540\endash 542, 1983.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet83b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet83b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor, J.\~M. Thornton, and W.\~G. Turnell. A elipsoidal approximation of protein shape. {\i J. Molec. Graphics}, 1:30\endash 38, 1983.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR84}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR84}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. An algorithm to compare secondary structure predictions. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 173:513\endash 514, 1984. (appendix).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet84}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet84}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and J.\~M. Thornton. Recognition of super-secondary structure in proteins. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 173:487\endash 514, 1984.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_SternbergMJEet84}{\*\bkmkend BIB_SternbergMJEet84}]\tab M.\~J.\~E. Sternberg and W.\~R. Taylor. Modelling the {ATP}-binding site of oncogene products. {\i FEBS Lett.}, 175:387\endash 392, 1984.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_ThorntonJMet85}{\*\bkmkend BIB_ThorntonJMet85}]\tab J.\~M. Thornton, B.\~L. Sibanda, and W.\~R. Taylor. Variability, modelling and prediction of {{{\f9 b}}}-hairpins with reference to the immunoglobulin fold. In E.\~Reid, G.\~M.\~W. Cook, and D.\~J. Morre, editors, {\i Investigation and exploitation of antibody combining sites}, pages 23\endash 31. Plenum Pub. Corp., N.Y., 1985.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_GarrattRCet85}{\*\bkmkend BIB_GarrattRCet85}]\tab R.\~C. Garratt, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~M. Thornton. The influence of tertiary structure on secondary structure prediction: accessibility versus predictability for beta-structure. {\i FEBS Lett.}, 188:59\endash 62, 1985.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_SternbergMJEet85a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_SternbergMJEet85a}]\tab M.\~J.\~E. Sternberg and W.\~R. Taylor. Modelling {SRC} and the {EGF} receptors by computer graphics. {\i Brit. J. Cancer}, 52:411, 1985. (abstract).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_RawlingsCJet85b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_RawlingsCJet85b}]\tab C.\~J. Rawlings, W.\~R. Taylor, J.\~Nyakairu, J.\~Fox, and M.\~J.\~E. Sternberg. Reasoning about protein topology using the logic programming language {PROLOG}. {\i J. Molec. Graph.}, 3:151\endash 157, 1985.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_SternbergMJEet85b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_SternbergMJEet85b}]\tab M.\~J.\~E. Sternberg, W.\~R. Taylor, J.\~Nyakairu, J.\~Fox, and C.\~J. Rawlings. Reasoning about protein topology using the logic programming language {PROLOG}. {\i J. Molec. Graph.}, 3:108\endash 109, 1985. (abstract).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_KnottTJet86}{\*\bkmkend BIB_KnottTJet86}]\tab T.\~J. Knott, R.\~J. Pease, L.\~M. Powell, S.\~C. Wallis, S.\~C. Rall, T.\~L. Innerarity, B.\~Blackhart, W.\~R. Taylor, A.\~J. Lusis, B.\~J. McCarthy, R.\~W. Mahley, B.\~Levy-Wilson, and J.\~Scott. Human apolipoprotein {B}: complete c{DNA} sequence and idenification of structural domains in the protein. {\i Nature}, 323:734\endash 738, 1986. (Taylor, W. R. is misprinted as Taylor, W. H. in the journal).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_GreenNMet86}{\*\bkmkend BIB_GreenNMet86}]\tab N.\~M. Green, W.\~R. Taylor, C.\~J. Brandl, B.\~Korczak, and D.\~H.\~A. MacLennan. Structural and mechanistic implications of the amino acid sequence of calcium transporting {ATP}ases. In C.\~Evered, editor, {\i Calcium and the Cell}, volume 122 of {\i Ciba Found. Symp.}, pages 93\endash 113. J. Wiley and Son, 1986.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_BarlowDJet86}{\*\bkmkend BIB_BarlowDJet86}]\tab D.\~J. Barlow, T.\~L. Blundell, M.\~S. Edwards, B.\~L. Sibanda, M.\~J.\~E. Sternberg, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~M. Thornton. The analysis of homologous tertiary structures and the design of novel proteins. In M.\~Inouye and R.\~Sarma, editors, {\i Protein Engineering: Applications in Science, Medicine, and Industry}, chapter\~3, pages 29\endash 40. Academic Press (Inc.), Orlando, USA, 1986.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_BlundellTLet86}{\*\bkmkend BIB_BlundellTLet86}]\tab T.\~L. Blundell, D.\~Barlow, B.\~L. Sibanda, J.\~M. Thornton, W.\~R. Taylor, I.\~J. Tickle, M.\~J.\~E. Sternberg, J.\~E. Pitts, I.\~Haneef, and A.\~M. Hemmings. Three-dimensional structural aspects of the design of new proteins. {\i Phil. Trans. Roy. Soc. (Lond.)}, A317:333\endash 344, 1986.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_NikasIet86}{\*\bkmkend BIB_NikasIet86}]\tab I.\~Nikas, J.\~McLauchlan, A.\~J. Davison, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~B. Clemments. Predicted structural features of ribonucleotide reductase. {\i Proteins}, 1, 1986.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_RothbardJBet86}{\*\bkmkend BIB_RothbardJBet86}]\tab J.\~B. Rothbard, A.\~Townsend, M.\~Edwards, and W.\~R. Taylor. Pattern recognition among {T}-cell epitopes. In {\i Modern trends in human leukemia}, volume VII. Elsevier, Amsterdam, 1986.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_ThorntonJMet86}{\*\bkmkend BIB_ThorntonJMet86}]\tab J.\~M. Thornton, M.\~S. Edwards, W.\~R. Taylor, and D.\~J. Barlow. Location of \rquote continuous\rquote  antigenic determinants in the protuding regions of proteins. {\i EMBO J.}, 5:409\endash 413, 1986.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR86a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR86a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Identification of protein sequence homology by consensus template alignment. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 188:233\endash 258, 1986.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_RawlingsCJet86a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_RawlingsCJet86a}]\tab C.\~J. Rawlings, W.\~R. Taylor, J.\~Nyakairu, J.\~Fox, and M.\~J.\~E. Sternberg. Using {PROLOG} to represent and reason about protein structure. {\i Lecture Notes in Computer Science}, 1986.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR86b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR86b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. The classification of amino acid conservation. {\i J. Theor. Biol.}, 119:205\endash 218, 1986.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR86c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR86c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Toward a practical grammar of protein structure: protein structure prediction by template fitting. In R.\~Fletterick and M.\~Zoller, editors, {\i Computer Graphics and Molecular Modeling}, Current Communications in Molecular Biology, chapter\~14, pages 77\endash 84. Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, New-York, 1986.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR86d}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR86d}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. A general algorithm for the recognition of sequence patterns in globular proteins. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 188:254\endash 258, 1986. (appendix).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_ZvelebilMJet87}{\*\bkmkend BIB_ZvelebilMJet87}]\tab M.\~J. Zvelebil, G.\~J. Barton, W.\~R. Taylor, and M.\~J.\~E. Sternberg. Prediction of protein secondary structure and active sites using the alignment of homologous sequences. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 195:957\endash 961, 1987.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_GeisowMJet87}{\*\bkmkend BIB_GeisowMJet87}]\tab M.\~J. Geisow, J.\~H. Walker, C.\~Boustead, and W.\~R. Taylor. Anexins \emdash  a new family of {C}a{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\\s\\up6({\fs20 2+})}}}{\fldrslt }}}-regulated phospholipid-binding proteins. {\i Bioscience Reports}, 7:289\endash 298, 1987.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet87}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet87}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and M.\~J. Geisow. A predicted structure for the calcium dependant membrane binding proteins p32, p35 and p36. {\i Prot. Eng.}, 1:183\endash 187, 1987.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_BajajMet87}{\*\bkmkend BIB_BajajMet87}]\tab M.\~Bajaj, M.\~Waterfield, J.\~Schlessinger, W.\~R. Taylor, and T.\~L. Blundell. On the tertiary structures of the extracellular domains of the {EGF} and insulin receptors. {\i Biochim. Biophys. Acta}, 916:220\endash 226, 1987.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_PearlLHet87a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_PearlLHet87a}]\tab L.\~H. Pearl and W.\~R. Taylor. Sequence specificity of retroviral proteases. {\i Nature}, 328:482, 1987. (Communication).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_PearlLHet87b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_PearlLHet87b}]\tab L.\~H. Pearl and W.\~R. Taylor. A structural model for the retroviral proteases. {\i Nature}, 329:351\endash 354, 1987.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_EngelJet87b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_EngelJet87b}]\tab J.\~Engel, W.\~R. Taylor, M.\~Paulsson, H.\~Sage, and B.\~Hogan. Calcium binding domains and calcium induced conformational transition of {SPARC/BM-40/osteonectin}, an extracellular glycoprotein expressed in mineralized and nonmineralized tissues. {\i Biochemistry}, 26:6958\endash 6965, 1987.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR87b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR87b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Multiple sequence alignment by a pairwise algorithm. {\i Comp. App. Bio. Sci.}, 3:81\endash 87, 1987.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_GreenNMet88}{\*\bkmkend BIB_GreenNMet88}]\tab N.\~M. Green, W.\~R. Taylor, and D.\~H.\~A. MacLennan. A consensus structure for cation pumps. In W.\~D. Stein and S.\~J.\~D. Karlish, editors, {\i Ion Pumps}, Prog. Clin. Biol. Res., pages 15\endash 24. Alan R. Liss, New York, 1988.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorSAet88}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorSAet88}]\tab S.\~A. Taylor, J.\~Lewis, J.\~Pacy, W.\~R. Taylor, and R.\~G. Price. Glomerular basement membrane thickness in male and female rats fed sucrose-rich diets. In M.\~C. Gubler and M.\~Sternberg, editors, {\i Progress in Basement Membrane Research: Renal and related aspects in health and disease}, pages 205\endash 209. John Libbey, Eurotext Ltd., 1988.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_RodriguesVet88}{\*\bkmkend BIB_RodriguesVet88}]\tab V.\~Rodrigues, M.\~Chaudhri, M.\~Knight, H.\~Meadows, A.\~E. Chambers, W.\~R. Taylor, C.\~Kelly, and A.\~J.\~G. Simpson. Predicted structure of a major {{\i Schistosoma mansoni}} eggshell protein. {\i Molec. Biochem. Parasitology}, 32:7\endash 14, 1988.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_RothbardJBet88a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_RothbardJBet88a}]\tab J.\~B. Rothbard, R.\~I. Lechler, K.\~Howland, V.\~Bal, D.\~D. Eckels, R.\~Sekaly, E.\~O. Long, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~R. Lamb. A structural model of {HLA-DR1} restricted {T}-cell antigen recognition. {\i Cell}, 52:515\endash 523, 1988.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR88a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR88a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. A flexible method to align large numbers of biological sequences. {\i J. Molec. Evol.}, 28:161\endash 169, 1988. The correct year is 1989.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_RothbardJBet88b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_RothbardJBet88b}]\tab J.\~B. Rothbard and W.\~R. Taylor. A sequence pattern common to {T}-cell epitopes. {\i EMBO J.}, 7:93\endash 100, 1988.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR88b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR88b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Pattern matching methods in protein sequence comparison and structure prediction. {\i Prot. Engng.}, 2:77\endash 86, 1988.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR88c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR88c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Macromolecular structure and specificity. {\i Speculations in Science and Technology}, 11:79\endash 80, 1988. (book review).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR89}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR89}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. A template based method of pattern matching in protein sequences. {\i Prog. Biophys. Molec. Biol.}, 54:159\endash 252, 1989.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet89a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet89a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and C.\~A. Orengo. Protein structure alignment. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 208:1\endash 22, 1989.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_RothbardJBet89a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_RothbardJBet89a}]\tab J.\~B. Rothbard, R.\~Busch, K.\~Howland, V.\~Bal, C.\~Fenton, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~R. Lamb. Structural analysis of a peptide \endash  {HLA} class {II} complex: identification of critical interaactions for its formation and recognition by {T}-cell receptor. {\i Int. Immunology}, 1:479\endash 486, 1989.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet89b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet89b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and C.\~A. Orengo. A holistic approach to protein structure comparison. {\i Prot. Eng.}, 2:505\endash 519, 1989.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_RothbardJBet89b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_RothbardJBet89b}]\tab J.\~B. Rothbard, H.\~C. Bodmer, K.\~Howland, R.\~M. Pemberton, B.\~E. Askonas, and W.\~R. Taylor. {T}-cell recognition of a peptide/{H2-Kd} complex. {\i EMBO J.}, 8:2321\endash 2328, 1989.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_ThorntonJMet89b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_ThorntonJMet89b}]\tab J.\~M. Thornton and W.\~R. Taylor. Protein structure prediction. In J.\~B.\~C. Findlay and M.\~J. Geisow, editors, {\i Protein Sequencing: A Practical Approach}, chapter\~7, pages 147\endash 190. IRL Press, Oxford, 1989.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet89c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet89c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and N.\~M. Green. The predicted secondary structures of the nucleotide-binding sites of six cation-transporting {ATPases} lead to a probable tertiary fold. {\i Eur. J. Biochem.}, 179:241\endash 248, 1989.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet90}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet90}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor, C.\~A. Orengo, and L.\~H. Pearl. Comparison of predicted and {X}-ray crystal structures of retroviral proteases. In M.\~Ikehara, editor, {\i Protein engineering: protein design in basic research, medicine, and industry}, pages 21\endash 27. Japan Scientific Press, Tokyo; Springer-Verlag, Berlin, 1990.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_KellyCet90}{\*\bkmkend BIB_KellyCet90}]\tab C.\~Kelly, P.\~Evans, J.\~K.\~C. Ma, L.\~A. Bergmeier, W.\~R. Taylor, L.\~J. Brady, S.\~F. Lee, A.\~S. Bleiweis, and T.\~Lehner. Sequencing and characterization of the 185 {KD}a cell-surface antigen of {{\i Streptococcus mutans}}. {\i Archives of Oral Biology}, 35 S, 1990.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_OrengoCAet90a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_OrengoCAet90a}]\tab C.\~A. Orengo and W.\~R. Taylor. A rapid method for protein structure alignment. {\i J. Theor. Biol.}, 147:517\endash 551, 1990.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR90a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR90a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Hierarchical method to align large numbers of biological sequences. In R.\~F. Doolittle, editor, {\i Molecular Evolution: computer analysis of protein and nucleic acid sequences}, volume 183 of {\i Meth. Enzymol.}, chapter\~29, pages 456\endash 474. Academic Press, San Diego, CA, USA., 1990.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR90b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR90b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Comparison of predicted and {X}-ray crystal structures of retroviral proteases. {\i Prot. Engng.}, 3:282, 1990. (abstract).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_GarrattRet91}{\*\bkmkend BIB_GarrattRet91}]\tab R.\~Garratt, J.\~M. Thornton, and W.\~R. Taylor. An extension of secondary structure prediction towards the prediction of tertiary structure. {\i FEBS Lett.}, 208:141\endash 146, 1991.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet91}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet91}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and D.\~T. Jones. Templates, consensus patterns and motifs. {\i Current Opinion in Struct. Biol.}, 1:327\endash 333, 1991.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_RippmannFet91a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_RippmannFet91a}]\tab F.\~Rippmann and W.\~R. Taylor. Visualization of structural similarity in proteins. {\i J. Molec. Graph.}, 9:3\endash 16, 1991.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR91a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR91a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Sequence analysis: spinning in hyperspace. {\i Nature}, 353:388\endash 389, 1991. (News and Views).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR91b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR91b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Towards protein tertiary fold prediction using distance and motif constraints. {\i Prot. Engng.}, 4:853\endash 870, 1991.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_LaPollaRJet91b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_LaPollaRJet91b}]\tab R.\~J. La\~Polla, J.\~A. Haron, C.\~G. Kelly, W.\~R. Taylor, Bohart C., M.\~Hendricks, J.\~Pyati, R.\~T. Graff, J.\~K.\~C. Ma, and T.\~Lehner. Sequence and structural analysis of surface protein antigen-{I/II (SPAA)} of {{\i Streptococcus sobrinus}}. {\i Infection and Immunity;}, 59:2677\endash 2685, 1991.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_RippmannFet91b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_RippmannFet91b}]\tab F.\~Rippmann, W.\~R. Taylor, J.\~B. Rothbard, and N.\~M. Green. A hypothetical model for the peptide binding domain of hsp70 based on the peptide binding domain of {HLA}. {\i EMBO Journal}, 10:5\endash 10, 1991.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_OrengoCAet92}{\*\bkmkend BIB_OrengoCAet92}]\tab C.\~A. Orengo, N.\~P. Brown, and W.\~R. Taylor. Fast protein structure comparison for databank searching. {\i Prot. Struct. Funct. Genet.}, 14:139\endash 167, 1992.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_JonesDTet92a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_JonesDTet92a}]\tab D.\~T. Jones, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~M. Thornton. The rapid generation of mutation data matrices from protein sequences. {\i Comp. App. Bio. Sci.}, 8:275\endash 282, 1992.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR92a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR92a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor, editor. {\i Patterns in Protein sequence and Structure}, volume\~7 of {\i Springer series in Biophysics (ed. Bayley, P. M.)}. Springer-Verlag, Heidelberg, 1992.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR92b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR92b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Patterns, predictions and problems (introduction). In W.\~R. Taylor, editor, {\i Patterns in Protein sequence and Structure}, volume\~7 of {\i Springer series in Biophysics (ed. Bayley, P. M.)}, pages 1\endash 9. Springer-Verlag, Heidelberg, 1992.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_JonesDTet92b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_JonesDTet92b}]\tab D.\~T. Jones, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~M. Thornton. A new approach to protein fold recognition. {\i Nature}, 358:86\endash 89, 1992.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR92c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR92c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. New paths from dead ends. {\i Nature}, 356:478\endash 479, 1992. (News and Views).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR92d}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR92d}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Sequencing and computer time. {\i Science}, 258:1421, 1992. (Letter).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_LaThangueNBet93}{\*\bkmkend BIB_LaThangueNBet93}]\tab N.\~B. LaThangue and W.\~R. Taylor. A structural similarity between mamalian and yeast transcription factors for cell-cycle-regulated genes. {\i Trends in Cell Biol.}, 3:75\endash 76, 1993.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet93a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet93a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and D.\~T. Jones. Deriving an amino acid distance matrix. {\i J. Theor. Biol.}, 164:65\endash 83, 1993.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_JonesDTet93a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_JonesDTet93a}]\tab D.\~T. Jones, C.\~A. Orengo, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~M. Thornton. Progress towards recognising protein folds from amino acid sequence. {\i Prot. Engng.}, 6 (supplement):124, 1993. (abstract).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_OrengoCAet93a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_OrengoCAet93a}]\tab C.\~A. Orengo, T.\~P. Flores, D.\~T. Jones, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~M. Thornton. Recurring structural motifs in proteins with different functions. {\i Current Biology}, 3:131\endash 139, 1993.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_AszodiAet93a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_AszodiAet93a}]\tab A.\~Asz\'f3di and W.\~R. Taylor. Connection topology of proteins. {\i Comp. App. Bio. Sci.}, 9:523\endash 529, 1993.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR93a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR93a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Protein fold refinement: building models from idealised folds using motif constraints and multiple sequence data. {\i Prot. Engng.}, 6:593\endash 604, 1993.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_OrengoCAet93b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_OrengoCAet93b}]\tab C.\~A. Orengo and W.\~R. Taylor. A local alignment method for protein structure motifs. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 233:488\endash 497, 1993.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR93b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR93b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Modelling protein structure from remote sequence similarity: an approach to tertiary structure prediction. In S.\~Suhai, editor, {\i Computational methods in genome research}, pages 317\endash 328. Plenum Pub. Corp., 1993.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet93b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet93b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor, D.\~T. Jones, and A.\~W. Segal. A structural model for the nucleotide binding domain of the cytochrome {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i b}\\s\\do6({\fs20 -245})}}}{\fldrslt }}} {{{\f9 b}}}-chain. {\i Protein Science}, 2:1675\endash 1685, 1993.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_OrengoCAet93c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_OrengoCAet93c}]\tab C.\~A. Orengo, T.\~P. Flores, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~M. Thornton. Identification and classification of protein fold families. {\i Prot. Engng.}, 6:485\endash 500, 1993.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR93d}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR93d}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Modelling protein structure from remote sequence similarity. In R.\~Lavery and E.\~Westhof, editors, {\i Molecular modelling and graphics applied to structure-function relationships}. INSERM, Paris, 1993.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR93e}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR93e}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Protein structure prediction from sequence. {\i Computers and Chem.}, 17:117\endash 122, 1993.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_BhattacharyaSet94}{\*\bkmkend BIB_BhattacharyaSet94}]\tab S.\~Bhattacharya, N.\~Navaratnam, J.\~R. Morrison, J.\~Scott, and W.\~R. Taylor. Cytosine nucleoside/nucleotide deaminases and apolipoprotein {B} m{RNA} editing. {\i TIBS}, pages 105\endash 106, 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_ThorntonJMet94}{\*\bkmkend BIB_ThorntonJMet94}]\tab J.\~M. Thornton, C.\~M. Orengo, D.\~T. Jones, and W.\~R. Taylor. Protein motifs and folding recognition. {\i Biophys. J.}, page 241, 1994. (abstract).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_ChothiaCet94}{\*\bkmkend BIB_ChothiaCet94}]\tab C.\~Chothia and W.\~R. Taylor. Sequences and topology. {\i Curr. Op. Struct. Biol.}, 4:381\endash 382, 1994. (editorial overview).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_StokesDLet94}{\*\bkmkend BIB_StokesDLet94}]\tab D.\~L. Stokes, W.\~R. Taylor, and N.\~M. Green. Structure, transmembrane topology and helix packing of {P}-type ion pumps. {\i FEBS Lett.}, 346:32\endash 38, 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_HatrickKet94a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_HatrickKet94a}]\tab K.\~Hatrick and W.\~R. Taylor. Sequence conservation and correlation measures in protein structure prediction. {\i Computers Chem.}, 18:245\endash 250, 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR94a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR94a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Protein structure modelling from remote sequence similarity. {\i J. Biotechnology}, 12:281\endash 291, 1994. Special issue: {\i Genome Research/Molecular Biotechnology}, Part 1. ed., Helmut Bl{\'f6}cker.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_JonesDTet94a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_JonesDTet94a}]\tab D.\~T. Jones, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~M. Thornton. A mutation data matrix for transmembrane proteins. {\i FEBS Lett.}, pages 269\endash 275, 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_OrengoCAet94a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_OrengoCAet94a}]\tab C.\~A. Orengo, T.\~P. Flores, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~M. Thornton. Protein fold families and structural motifs. In {\i Proceedings of the {NATO ARW} workshop on statistical mechanics, protein structure and protein substrate interactions}, 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_AszodiAet94a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_AszodiAet94a}]\tab A.\~Asz\'f3di and W.\~R. Taylor. Folding polypeptide {{{\f9 a}}}-carbon backbones by distance geometry methods. {\i Biopolymers}, 34:489\endash 506, 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet94a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet94a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor, D.\~T. Jones, and N.\~M. Green. A method for {{{\f9 a}}}-helical integral membrane protein fold prediction. {\i Prot. Struct. Funct. Genet.}, 18:281\endash 294, 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR94b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR94b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Remotely related sequences and structures: analysis and predictive modelling. {\i Trends Biotech.}, 12:154\endash 157, 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet94b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet94b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and A.\~Asz\'f3di. Building protein folds using distance geometry: towards a general modeling and prediction method. In K.\~M. Merz and S.\~M. Le{G}rand, editors, {\i The protein folding problem and tertiary structure prediction}, chapter\~6, pages 165\endash 192. Birkh{\'e4}user (Springer-Verlag), Boston, MA., USA, 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_JonesDTet94b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_JonesDTet94b}]\tab D.\~T. Jones, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~M. Thornton. A model recognition approach to the prediction of all-helical membrane protein structure and topology. {\i Biochemistry}, 33:3038\endash 3049, 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_AszodiAet94b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_AszodiAet94b}]\tab A.\~Asz\'f3di and W.\~R. Taylor. Secondary structure formation in model polypeptide chains. {\i Prot. Engng.}, 7:633\endash 644, 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR94c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR94c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Motif-biased protein sequence alignment. {\i J. Comp. Biol.}, 1:297\endash 311, 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_AszodiAet94c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_AszodiAet94c}]\tab A.\~Asz\'f3di and W.\~R. Taylor. Modelling secondary structure formation by distance geometry techniques. In H.\~Bohr and S.\~Brunak, editors, {\i Distance based approaches to protein structure determination}, pages 222\endash 236. IOS press, Elsevier (Amsterdam), 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet94c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet94c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and K.\~Hatrick. Compensating changes in protein multiple sequence alignments. {\i Prot. Engng.}, 7:341\endash 348, 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet94d}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet94d}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor, T.\~P. Flores, and C.\~A. Orengo. Multiple protein structure alignment. {\i Prot. Sci.}, 3:1858\endash 1870, 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet94e}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet94e}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and A.\~Asz\'f3di. Modelling and predicting protein structure using distance geometry. In H.\~Bohr and S.\~Brunak, editors, {\i Distance based approaches to protein structure determination}, pages 213\endash 221. IOS press, Elsevier (Amsterdam), 1994.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet95a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet95a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and D.\~T. Jones. Modelling and predicting {{{\f9 a}}}-helical transmembrane structures. In H.\~Bohr and S.\~Brunak, editors, {\i Protein Folds: A Distance Based Approach}, pages 283\endash 293. CRC Press Inc., Boca Raton, Florida, U.S.A., 1995.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR95a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR95a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. An investigation of conservation-biased gap-penalties for multiple protein sequence alignment. {\i Gene}, 165:GC27\endash 35, 1995. Internet journal Gene Combis: {\i0\scaps0\b0\f23 http://www.elsevier.nl/locate/genecombis}.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_AszodiAet95a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_AszodiAet95a}]\tab A.\~Asz\'f3di and W.\~R. Taylor. Estimating polypeptide {{{\f9 a}}}-carbon distances from multiple sequence alignments. {\i J. Math. Chem.}, 17:167\endash 184, 1995.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet95b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet95b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and N.\~M. Green. {\i Structure in Protein Chemistry} (by {J.\~Kyte}). {\i Nature}, 375:372, 1995. (book review).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR95b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR95b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Sequence alignment of proteins and nucleic acids. In R.\~A. Meyers, editor, {\i Molecular Biology and Biotechnology: comprehensive desk reference}, pages 856\endash 859. VCH, New York, USA, 1995.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_AszodiAet95b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_AszodiAet95b}]\tab A.\~Asz\'f3di, M.\~J. Gradwell, and W.\~R. Taylor. Protein fold determination using a small number of distance restraints. In H.\~Bohr and S.\~Brunak, editors, {\i Protein Folds: A Distance Based Approach}, pages 85\endash 97. CRC Press Inc., Boca Raton, Florida, U.S.A., 1995.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_AszodiAet95c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_AszodiAet95c}]\tab A.\~Asz\'f3di, M.\~J. Gradwell, and W.\~R. Taylor. Global fold determination from a small number of distance restraints. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 251:308\endash 326, 1995.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_BrownNPet96}{\*\bkmkend BIB_BrownNPet96}]\tab N.\~P. Brown, C.\~A. Orengo, and W.\~R. Taylor. A protein structure comparison methodology. {\i Computers Chem.}, 20:359\endash 380, 1996.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_OrengoCAet96}{\*\bkmkend BIB_OrengoCAet96}]\tab C.\~A. Orengo and W.\~R. Taylor. {SSAP}: sequential structure alignment program for protein structure comparison. In R.\~F. Doolittle, editor, {\i Computer methods for macromolecular sequence analysis}, volume 266 of {\i Meth. Enzymol.}, pages 617\endash 635. Academic Press, Orlando, FA, USA., 1996.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_AszodiAet96a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_AszodiAet96a}]\tab A.\~Asz\'f3di and W.\~R. Taylor. Homology modelling by distance geometry. {\i Folding & Design}, 1:325\endash 334, 1996.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR96a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR96a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. A non-local gap-penaly for profile alignment. {\i Bull. Math. Biol.}, 58:1\endash 18, 1996.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_WernerEet96a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_WernerEet96a}]\tab E.\~Werner, A.\~A. Holder, A.\~Asz\'f3di, and W.\~R. Taylor. A novel 11-residue coilled-coil motif predicts a histidine zipper. {\i Prot. Pept. Lett.}, 3:139\endash 146, 1996.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR96b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR96b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Multiple protein sequence alignment: algorithms for gap insertion. In R.\~F. Doolittle, editor, {\i Computer methods for macromolecular sequence analysis}, volume 266 of {\i Meth. Enzymol.}, pages 343\endash 367. Academic Press, Orlando, FA, USA., 1996.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR96c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR96c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Sequence alignment of proteins and nucleic acids. In R.\~A. Meyers, editor, {\i Encyclopedia of Molecular Biology and Molecular Medicine}, volume\~5, pages 419\endash 428. VCH, New York, USA, 1997.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_HeringaJet97}{\*\bkmkend BIB_HeringaJet97}]\tab J.\~Heringa and W.\~R. Taylor. Three-dimensional domain duplication, swapping and stealing. {\i Curr. Op. Struct. Biol.}, 7:416\endash 421, 1997.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet97a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet97a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and C.\~A. Orengo. Protein fold topology and structural families. In G.\~Allen, editor, {\i Protein: a comprehensive treatise}, pages 143\endash 169. JAI Press Inc., U.S.A., 1997.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_AszodiAet97a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_AszodiAet97a}]\tab A.\~Asz\'f3di and W.\~R. Taylor. Hierarchical inertial projection: a fast distance matrix embedding algorithm. {\i Computers Chem.}, 21:13\endash 23, 1997.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_PollockDDet97a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_PollockDDet97a}]\tab D.\~D. Pollock and W.\~R. Taylor. Effectiveness of correlation analysis in identifying protein residues undergoing correlated evolution. {\i Prot. Engng.}, 10:647\endash 657, 1997.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR97b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR97b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Random models for double dynamic score normalisation. {\i J. Molec. Evol.}, 44:S174\endash S180, 1997. Special issue in memory of Kimura.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_AszodiAet97b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_AszodiAet97b}]\tab A.\~Asz\'f3di, R.\~E.\~J. Munro, and W.\~R. Taylor. Distance based comparative modelling. {\i Folding & Design}, 2, suppl.:S3\endash S6, 1997.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR97c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR97c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Evolution and relationships of protein families. In M.\~J. Bishop and C.\~J. Rawlings, editors, {\i Nucleic acid and protein sequence analysis: a practical approach (second edition)}, Practical approach (eds. Rickwood, D. and Hames, B. D.), pages 313\endash 340. IRL Press, Oxford, 1997.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_AszodiAet97c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_AszodiAet97c}]\tab A.\~Asz\'f3di, R.\~E.\~J. Munro, and W.\~R. Taylor. Protein modelling by multiple sequence threading and distance geometry. {\i Proteins}, pages 38\endash 42, 1997.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet97c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet97c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and R.\~E.\~J. Munro. Multiple sequence threading: Conditional gap placement. {\i Folding & Design}, 2, suppl.:S33\endash S39, 1997.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR97d}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR97d}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Multiple sequence threading: an analysis of alignment quality and stability. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 269:902\endash 943, 1997.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR97e}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR97e}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Residual colours: a proposal for aminochromography. {\i Prot. Engng.}, 10:743\endash 746, 1997. (Forum section).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_RittingerKet98}{\*\bkmkend BIB_RittingerKet98}]\tab K.\~Rittinger, W.\~R. Taylor, S.\~J. Smerdon, and S.\~J. Gamblin. Support for shared ancestry of gaps. {\i Nature}, 392:448, 1998.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_WernerEet98}{\*\bkmkend BIB_WernerEet98}]\tab E.\~Werner, W.\~R. Taylor, and Holder. A {\i {p}lasmodium chabaudi} protein contains a repetitive region with a predicted spectrin-like structure. {\i Molec. Biochem. Parisitology.}, 94:185\endash 196, 1998.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_HigginsDGet98}{\*\bkmkend BIB_HigginsDGet98}]\tab D.\~G. Higgins and W.\~R. Taylor. Multiple sequence alignment. In M.\~Crochemore and D.\~Gusfield, editors, {\i Protein Sequence and Structure}, volume 807 of {\i Lecture Notes in Computer Science}, pages 237\endash 244. Springer-Verlag, Berlin, 1998.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_JonesDTet98}{\*\bkmkend BIB_JonesDTet98}]\tab D.\~T. Jones and W.\~R. Taylor. Towards structural genomics for transmembrane proteins. {\i Biochem. Soc. Trans.}, 26:429\endash 438, 1999.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR98a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR98a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Dynamic databank searching with templates and multiple alignment. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 280:375\endash 406, 1998.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_JonassenIet99}{\*\bkmkend BIB_JonassenIet99}]\tab I.\~Jonassen, I.\~Eidhammer, and W.\~R. Taylor. Discovery of local packing motifs in protein structures. {\i Proteins: struc. funct. gene.}, 34:206\endash 219, 1999.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_MunroREJet99}{\*\bkmkend BIB_MunroREJet99}]\tab R.\~E.\~J. Munro and W.\~R. Taylor. Structure prediction and molecular modelling. In R.\~E. Reid, editor, {\i Peptide and Protein drug analysis}, pages 115\endash 132. Marcel Dekker, Inc., 1999.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_PollockDDet99a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_PollockDDet99a}]\tab D.\~D. Pollock, W.\~R. Taylor, and N.\~Goldman. Coevolving protein residues: maximum likelihood identification and relationship to structure. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 287:187\endash 198, 1999.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR99a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR99a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Protein structure alignment using iterated double dynamic programming. {\i Prot. Sci}, 8:654\endash 665, 1999.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet99a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet99a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and N.\~P. Brown. Iterated sequence databank search methods. {\i Comp. Chem.}, 23:365\endash 385, 1999.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR99b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR99b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Protein structure domain identification. {\i Prot. Engng.}, 12:203\endash 216, 1999.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet99b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet99b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and N.\~P. Brown. {QUEST}: an iterated sequence databank search method. In S.\~Suhai, editor, {\i Genomics and Proteonomics: functional and computational aspects}, pages 67\endash 82. Kluwer Acad./Plenum Pub. Corp., 2000.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR99c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR99c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. The properties of amino acids in sequences. In M.\~J. Bishop, editor, {\i Nucleic acid and protein databases: a practical approach (second edition)}, pages 81\endash 103. Academic Press, 1999. Chapter 5.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet99c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet99c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor, G.\~S{\'e6}lensminde, and I.\~Eidhammer. Multiple protein structure alignment using double-dynamic programming. {\i Comp. Chem.}, 24:3\endash 12, 2000.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_EidhammerIet00}{\*\bkmkend BIB_EidhammerIet00}]\tab I.\~Eidhammer, I.\~Jonassen, and W.\~R. Taylor. Structure comparison and structure patterns. {\i J. Compu. Biol.}, 7:658\endash 716, 2000.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_HigginsDGet00a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_HigginsDGet00a}]\tab D.\~G. Higgins and W.\~R. Taylor. Preface. In D.\~Higgins and W.\~Taylor, editors, {\i Bioinformatics: Sequence structure and databases}, pages v\endash ix. Oxford University Press, 2000.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_JonassenIet00a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_JonassenIet00a}]\tab I.\~Jonassen, I.\~Eidhammer, S.\~H. Grindhaug, and W.\~R. Taylor. Searching the protein structure databank with weak sequence patterns and structural constraints. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 304:599\endash 619, 2000.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR00a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR00a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Searching for the ideal forms of proteins. {\i Biochem. Soc. Trans.}, 28:264\endash 269, 2000.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR00b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR00b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. A deeply knotted protein and how it might fold. {\i Nature}, 406:916\endash 919, 2000.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_HigginsDGet00b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_HigginsDGet00b}]\tab D.\~G. Higgins and W.\~R. Taylor. Multiple sequence alignment. In D.\~M. Webster, editor, {\i Protein structure prediction}, volume 143 of {\i Methods in Molecular Biology (ed. J.\~M.\~Walker)}, pages 1\endash 18. Humana Press, Totowa, New Jersey, USA, 2000.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR00c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR00c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Protein structure. In D.\~J.\~Balding et\~al., editor, {\i Handbook of Statistical genetics}, pages 209\endash 235. John Wiley and Sons Ltd., 2000.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR00d}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR00d}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Protein structure comparison using {SAP}. In D.\~M. Webster, editor, {\i Protein structure prediction}, volume 143 of {\i Methods in Molecular Biology (ed. J.\~M.\~Walker)}, pages 19\endash 32. Humana Press, Totowa, New Jersey, USA, 2000.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_OgunMet01}{\*\bkmkend BIB_OgunMet01}]\tab M.\~Ogun, M.\~Grainger, W.\~R. Taylor, and A.\~A. Holder. The merozoite surface protein-6 gene codes for a 36 {kDa}-protein associated with the {\i plasmodium falciparum} merozoite surface protein-1 complex. {\i Mol. Biochem. Parasitology}, 112:91\endash 101, 2001.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR01a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR01a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Defining linear segments in protein structure. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 310:1135\endash 1150, 2001.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet01b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet01b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor, A.\~C.\~W. May, N.\~P. Brown, and A.\~Asz\'f3di. Protein structure: Geometry, topology and classification. {\i Rep. Prog. Phys.}, 64:517\endash 590, 2001.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_JonassenIet02}{\*\bkmkend BIB_JonassenIet02}]\tab I.\~Jonassen, I.\~Eidhammer, D.\~Conklin, and W.\~R. Taylor. Structure motif discovery and mining the {PDB}. {\i Bioinformatics}, 18:362\endash 367, 2002.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_ConklinDet02}{\*\bkmkend BIB_ConklinDet02}]\tab D.\~Conklin, I.\~Jonassen, R.\~Aasland, and W.\~R. Taylor. Association of nucleotide patterns with gene function classes: application to human 3\rquote  untranslated sequences. {\i Bioinformatics}, 18:182\endash 189, 2002.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_LinKet02a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_LinKet02a}]\tab K.\~Lin, A.\~C. May, and W.\~R. Taylor. Amino acid substitution matrices from an artificial neural network model. {\i J. Comput Biol.}, 8:471\endash 481, 2002.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR02a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR02a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. A periodic table for protein structure. {\i Nature}, 416:657\endash 660, 2002.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_SaldanhaJWet02a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_SaldanhaJWet02a}]\tab J.\~W. Saldanha, P.\~E. Czabotar, A.\~J. Hay, and W.\~R. Taylor. A model for the cytoplasmic domain of the influenza {A} virus {M2} channel by analogy to the {HIV-1 Vpu} protein. {\i Protein Peptide Letts.}, 9:495\endash 502, 2002.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet02a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet02a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor, J.\~Heringa, F.\~Baud, and T.\~P. Flores. A {Fourier} analysis of symmetry in protein structure. {\i Protein Eng.}, 15:79\endash 89, 2002.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR02b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR02b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Protein structure comparison using bipartite graph matching. {\i Mol. Cell. Proteomics}, 1:334\endash 339, 2002.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_LinKet02b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_LinKet02b}]\tab K.\~Lin, A.\~C. May, and W.\~R. Taylor. Threading using neural networks ({TUNE}): the measure of protein sequence-structure compatibility. {\i Bioinformatics}, 18:1350\endash 1357, 2002.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR02c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR02c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Comparing secondary structure \lquote stick\rquote  models of proteins using graph matching with double dynamic programming. In H.\~Seidel H.-W.\~Mewes, B.\~Weiss, editor, {\i Bioinformatics and Genome Analysis}, chapter\~7, pages 133\endash 148. Springer-Verlag, Berlin/Heidelberg, 2002. Ernst Schering Research Foundation Workshop Volume 38.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_LinKet02c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_LinKet02c}]\tab K.\~Lin, A.\~C. May, and W.\~R. Taylor. Amino acid encoding schemes from protein structural alignments: multidimensional vectors to describe residue types. {\i J. Theor. Biol.}, 221:361\endash 365, 2002.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_PetersenKet03a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_PetersenKet03a}]\tab K.\~Petersen and W.\~R. Taylor. Modelling zinc-binding proteins with {GADGET}: Genetic algorithm and distance geometry for exploring topology. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 325:1039\endash 1059, 2003.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_MombelliEet03a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_MombelliEet03a}]\tab E.\~Mombelli, R.\~Morris, W.\~R. Taylor, and F.\~Fraternali. Hydrogen-bonding propensities of sphingomyelin in solution and in a bilayer assembly: a molecular dynamics study. {\i Biophys. J.}, 84:1507\endash 1517, 2003.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_LinKet03a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_LinKet03a}]\tab K.\~Lin, W.\~R. Taylor, J.\~Klienjung, and J.\~Heringa. {CAO} matrices from an artificial neural network model. {\i J. Compu. Biol. Chem.}, 27:93\endash 102, 2003.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet03a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet03a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor, B.\~Xiao, S.\~J. Gamblin, and K.\~Lin. A knot or not a knot?  {SET}ting the record \lquote straight\rquote  on proteins. {\i Comp. Biol. Chem.}, 27:11\endash 15, 2003.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet03b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet03b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and K.\~Lin. A tangled problem. {\i Nature}, 421:25, 2003. (concept).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet03c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet03c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor, R.\~E.\~J. Munro, K.\~Petersen, and R.\~P. Bywater. {\i Ab initio} modelling of the {N}-terminal domain of the secretin receptors. {\i Comp. Biol. Chem.}, 27:103\endash 114, 2003.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_MurrayKBet04}{\*\bkmkend BIB_MurrayKBet04}]\tab K.\~B. Murray, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~M. Thornton. Towards the detection and validation of repeats in protein structure. {\i Proteins: struct. funct. bioinfo.}, 57:365\endash 380, 2004.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_JohannissenLOet04}{\*\bkmkend BIB_JohannissenLOet04}]\tab L.\~O. Johannissen and W.\~R. Taylor. Protein fold comparison by the alignment of topological strings. {\i Prot. Engng.}, 16:949\endash 955, 2004.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_EidhammerIet04}{\*\bkmkend BIB_EidhammerIet04}]\tab I.\~Eidhammer, I.\~Jonassen, and W.\~R. Taylor. {\i Protein Bioinformatics: an algorithmic approach to sequence and structure analysis}. J. Wiley, London, 2004. ISBN: 0-470-84839-1.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_StevensAet04}{\*\bkmkend BIB_StevensAet04}]\tab A.\~Stevens, , M.\~Bock, S.\~Ellis, P.\~Le\~Tissier, K.\~N. Bishop, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~P. Stoye. Retroviral capsid determinants of the {Fv1 NB-} and {NR-} tropism. {\i J. Virology}, 78:9592\endash 9598, 2004.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet04a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet04a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and I.\~Jonassen. A structural pattern-based method for protein fold recognition. {\i Proteins: struc. funct. bioinf.}, 56:222\endash 234, 2004.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR04a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR04a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. A molecular model for transcription in the {RNA} world based on the ribosome large subunit. {\i Comp. Biol. Chem.}, 28:313\endash 319, 2004.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet04b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet04b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and J.\~P. Stoye. Consensus molecular models for the amino terminal domain of the retrovirus restriction gene {\i fv1} and the murine leukaemia virus capsid proteins. {\i JMC Struc. Biology}, 4:1\endash 15, 2004.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_LinKet05}{\*\bkmkend BIB_LinKet05}]\tab K.\~Lin, V.\~A. Simossis, W.\~R. Taylor, and J.\~Heringa. A simple and fast secondary structure prediction method using hidden neural networks. {\i Bioinformatics}, 21:152\endash 159, 2005.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet05}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet05}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor and A.\~Asz\'f3di. {\i Protein Geometry, Classification, Topology and Symmetry}. Institute of Physics, 2005. Currently published by CRC Press.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_BakerDet05}{\*\bkmkend BIB_BakerDet05}]\tab D.\~Baker and W.\~R. Taylor. {\i Ab initio} structure prediction. In S.\~Subramanian, editor, {\i Encyclopedia of genetics, genomics, proteonomics and bioinformatics}, volume 7\endash bioinformatics, pages 3245\endash 3251. John Wiley and Sons Ltd., Chichester, U.K., 2005.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR05a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR05a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Stirring the primordial soup. {\i Nature}, 434:705, 2005.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR05b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR05b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Modelling molecular stability in the {RNA} world. {\i Computational Biology and Chemistry}, 29:259\endash 272, 2005.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR05c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR05c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Protein folds, knots and tangles. In J.\~Calvo, K.\~Millett, E.\~Rawdon, and A.\~Stasiak, editors, {\i Physical and Numerical Models in Knot Theory}, Series on Knots and Everything \emdash  Vol. 36, chapter\~10, pages 171\endash 202. World Scientific, Singapore, 2005. ISBN: 981-256-187-0.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR05d}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR05d}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Protein structure analysis and prediction. In S.\~Subramanian, editor, {\i Encyclopedia of genetics, genomics, proteonomics and bioinformatics}, volume 7\endash bioinformatics, pages 3245\endash 3251. John Wiley and Sons Ltd., Chichester, U.K., 2005. Introductory review to section 6 (ed.: W.R.Taylor).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_JonassenIet06}{\*\bkmkend BIB_JonassenIet06}]\tab I.\~Jonassen, D.\~Klose, and W.\~R. Taylor. Protein model refinement using structural fragment tessellation. {\i Comp. Chem. Bioinformatics}, 30:360\endash 366, 2006.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_SnellEAet06}{\*\bkmkend BIB_SnellEAet06}]\tab E.\~A. Snell, N.\~M. Brooke, W.\~R. Taylor, D.\~Casane, H.\~Philippe, and P.\~W.\~H. Holland. An unusual choanoflagellate protein released by hedgehog autocatalytic processing. 273:401\endash 407, 2006.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_VesterstromJet06}{\*\bkmkend BIB_VesterstromJet06}]\tab J.\~Vesterstr{o}m and W.\~R. Taylor. Flexible secondary structure based protein structure comparison applied to the detection of circular permutation. {\i J. Compu. Biol.}, 13:43\endash 62, 2006.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet06a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet06a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor, K.\~Lin, D.\~Klose, F.\~Fraternali, and I.\~Jonassen. Dynamic domain threading. {\i Proteins, Struct. Funct. Bioinfo.}, 64:601\endash 614, 2006.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR06a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR06a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Decoy models for protein structure score normalisation. {\i J. Molec. Biol.}, 357:676\endash 699, 2006.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR06b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR06b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Transcription and translation in an {RNA} world. {\i Phil. Trans. R. Soc. {B}}, 361:1751\endash 1760, 2006.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR06c}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR06c}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. A molecular model for the origin of protein translation in an {RNA} world. {\i J. Theor. Biol.}, 243:393\endash 406, 2006.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR06d}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR06d}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Topological accessibility shows a distinct asymmetry in the folds of {{{\f9 b}{\f9 a}}} proteins. {\i FEBS Lett.}, 580:5263\endash 5267, 2006.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_BartlettGJet07}{\*\bkmkend BIB_BartlettGJet07}]\tab G.\~J. Bartlett and W.\~R. Taylor. Using scores derived from statistical coupling analysis to distinguish correct and incorrect folds in {\i de-novo} protein structure prediction. {\i Proteins: struct. funct. bioinfo.}, 2007. in press.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_KloseDet07}{\*\bkmkend BIB_KloseDet07}]\tab D.\~Klose and W.\~R. Taylor. Protein structure. In D.\~J.\~Balding et\~al., editor, {\i Handbook of Statistical genetics}. John Wiley and Sons Ltd., 2007. Second edition (in press).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWRet07}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWRet07}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor, G.\~J. Bartlett, V.\~Chelliah, D.\~Klose, K.\~Lin, T.\~Sheldon, and I.\~Jonassen. Prediction of protein structure from ideal forms. {\i Proteins: struct., funct., bioinfo.}, 2007. in press.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR07a}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR07a}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Protein knots and fold complexity: some new twists. {\i Comp. Biol. Chem.}, 31:151\endash 162, 2007. doi:10.1016/j.compbiolchem.2007.03.002.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TaylorWR07b}{\*\bkmkend BIB_TaylorWR07b}]\tab W.\~R. Taylor. Evolutionary transitions in protein fold space. {\i Curr. Opin. Str. Biol.}, 17:354\endash 361, 2007.\par
}}}
