{\*\footnote\pard {\chftn}  In the following description the use of the terms "atom" and "atomic" are used only to indicate the lowest level in a hierarchy of objects (the leaf nodes). Although they are restricted to a spherical shape they do not necessarily represents atoms (in the phyico-chemical sense). }
{\*\footnote\pard {\chftn}  Oblate and prolate ellipsoids, which have two equal axes (and hence a unique axis of symmetry) are referred to jointly as spheroids, with scalene being the remaining asymmetric type. However, to avoid confusion with spherical objects, the term will be avoided.}
{\*\footnote\pard {\chftn}  The term "speed" is used throught to refer to the step size per cycle of any geometric transformation. As the stepsize is not related to any physical process, it does not have any implications for biological macromolecules. }
{\*\footnote\pard {\chftn}  The "pseudo" code in the boxed segments is actually {\i0\scaps0\b0\f3 C++} code but employs a number of macros as short-hands, most of these are obvious (like {\i0\scaps0\b0\f3 DO} and {\i0\scaps0\b0\f3 FOR}), however the following less obvious vector operations are used: "{a{|}b}" = the distance between points {\i0\scaps0\b0\f3 a} and {\i0\scaps0\b0\f3 b}, "{a*b}" = scalar (dot) product, "{a{\f0\u770\'5e}b}" = vector (cross) product and "{a&b}" = their mid-point. The {\i0\scaps0\b0\f3 Cell} data structure represents an object (at any level) and encodes the number of children ({\i0\scaps0\b0\f3 kids}) specified in the list: {\i0\scaps0\b0\f3 child[...]}. A number of utilities operate on each object and most do what they say (eg; {\i0\scaps0\b0\f3 moveCell()}, {\i0\scaps0\b0\f3 spinCell()}, {\i0\scaps0\b0\f3 part2Cells()}, etc.) and apply the transform not only to the cell specified in the argument list, but recursively to all that it contains.}
{\*\footnote\pard {\chftn}  A Hilbert curve ({\i0\scaps0\b0\f3 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hilbert_curve}) is the spatial equivalent of a Gray code ({\i0\scaps0\b0\f3 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gray_code}) in which successive elements are only one step away from their neighbours. }
